bpo-46402: Promote SQLite URI tricks in `sqlite3` docs (#30660)
python/cpython: Doc/library/sqlite3.rst

   for the connection, you can set the *cached_statements* parameter. The currently
   implemented default is to cache 128 statements.

   If *uri* is :const:`True`, *database* is interpreted as a

>    :abbr:`URI (Uniform Resource Identifier)` consisting of a scheme, an
>    authority, a path, and a query string. The scheme part *must* be ``"file:"``.

Reviewer: The enumeration of URI components is either redundant with the understood form of file URIs, or potentially confusing ("Is this different than my understanding of URIs? What's an authority?").  Better would be to explain how to express a file path as a URI:
```suggestion
   :abbr:`URI (Uniform Resource Identifier)` with a file path and an optional query string.
   The scheme part *must* be ``"file:"``.  The path can be a relative or absolute file path.
```

Author: I agree that the authority part is confusing. We already link to the SQLite docs for those who want to explore this feature further. Lets keep it simple :)
